00:00:20
 [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] Hello. So hi everyone. I hope you can see me, hear me loud and clear. Thank you so much for joining us uh on this beautiful afternoon. I'm really excited. I can see a couple of people already joined us and a lot of them still waiting. Awesome. I can see a lot of people already there. But thank you so much and welcome to the Koko uh Snowflake presents Koko CLI hackathon GCC edition and this is the problem statement

00:02:31
 explainer session and we're here to help you understand if you're watching us for the very first time or if you have already registered to this or if you would watch this after our session is done. So a very warm welcome to this entire great hackathon that we are trying to present to you guys and it's especially very you know thoughtfully developed out there for developers like you who can who really want to build something innovative in the AI space out there. So I'm truly truly very excited

00:02:59
 to see a lot of people who already joined us and a lot of you who who are going to watch us later. So we're going to walk you through the entire process of the hackathon. What are the problem statement? What are the right expectations? Who are the speakers for the day itself? Everything's going to be covered pretty much loud and clear in this session. So this going to be a great learning curve for you in order to participate in this hackathon. So sit back, relax and watch this till the end.

00:03:23
 If you have any questions for us regarding the platform, regarding the problem statements, feel free to nudge us on the chat uh channel that is right there. So please do that. And let me quickly walk you through what this hackathon holds for us. So this is a great initiative. Uh so this entire initiative is pres presented by snowflake and your story. So this entire hackathon is a built first innovation challenge designed for developers and if you are somebody who sitting at a GCC organization based out of India, this is

00:03:55
 an hackathon opportunity for you to win out of a great prize pool and if you're somebody who is actually looking forward to build real world enterprise ready AI application and not just regular prototypes whether you're an AI engineer or a software developer, this initiative is open for you to participate. So great initiative for you to start with. If you're starting something new, you want to innovate something, great. So this is a platform for you to get started. So that's just about the entire uh program

00:04:24
 that we hold together. And also these are the couple of eligible profiles. So we we are open for software engineers to data engineers, data scientists to somebody who's a back end and application developers. But only if you're sitting at a GCC organization based out of India, you're eligible to participate in this. So participation can be individual. If you're a solo flyer, we we're happy to do that as well. And if you're a team player as well. So we we are allowing you to form

00:04:51
 a team up until four members max. So do check it out. Do register for the same and participate solo or a team. So you need to build great solutions. That is what matters out of it. And in order to do so, you have to have the understanding of the problem statement. And this is the entire session where we will majorly focus on the problem statements giving you a better clar and clear understanding about what is expected out of you in terms of a solution building perspective. So stay tuned with us while we also walk you

00:05:22
 through that. So here are uh there are a couple of problem statements already listed on the platform. If you if you're somebody who's watching us uh for for the very first time and if you've registered for it, if you haven't registered, you've hesitated to register due to some reasons. This entire session will give you brand new clarity about the problem statement, where do you start from, what is expected out of each one of them. We have a dedicated speaker who's going to

00:05:48
 talk about each of these problem statements, give you a deeper understanding about where do you start from. Let's just say for problem statement track three, right? So sit back if you have any questions while the explanation is happening. There is an entire chat of open for you to ask a lot of questions. We'll be having a dedicated space for us to you know answer to your queries. We'll have an AM session at the end itself. So sit back hear us >> and overall before that I wanted to also

00:06:16
 start off where we are in the journey of LLMs and how we come into the picture right and how in the entire agentic workflow will be eventually working right so just looking into it as we start we'll look into cognitive agent architecture itself uh maybe on prompt engineering that we've been all been doing since some time now since charg came out with or openai came out with charg uh since 2022ish part. So what it typically means is a user prompts comes in there's a system prompt that is in

00:06:49
 the back end and there's a chat history like the last time chat history that is there it goes into a context time in the back end of it it's irrespective of what we use is the same technique and then it goes to an LM which gives us a response this entire thing is a one-off thing that happens even if you do in your current phone uh Gemini and all Gemini openi claude any of it right it's it's the typical format and we have all been talking about prompt engineering as the next coming of Jesus maybe but the whole

00:07:17
 thing is we've moved on from those ages in this day and age it's very fast and this is an ep one that means it stays in the session ends in the session itself right what we're seeing the new trend come up right last year itself that come comes up with how we can integrate in enterprisegrade system right the reality is the other mode that we tried it's okay for personal work and then stuff but once we deep dive into enterprise uh grade workloads it doesn't make the cut for See that's why we cannot just make

00:07:45
 out like I want to create a story for my fiance or something along those lines right uh for enterprise workload we need genuine workloads that goes into production gives or generates value that's why we are seeing all of the leaders talk about only two things right either reduce my cost with AI or get me more revenue via AI so look at both aspects that's where production grade system eventually fits into the whole uh ecosystem so once you talk about durable memory rate It's available with

00:08:14
 snowflake itself. Uh where we're looking at Koko. Uh in Koko CLA there's options to attach those files text files. You can also invoke skill files. What is a skill file? It's it's just a set of processes that we define in a text format itself. We can give like a workflow chart what has to be executed first, second and so on. Right? So entire uh execution steps or processes are given there and that is becomes like a procedural memory. So that's basically the memory that it works with. This is a

00:08:44
 very fast one that typically everywhere like in Koko also if you use that is there even if you don't give anything Koko uses the memories.mmd that is in the back end of snowflake. What it does it is is in that uh koko cla itself it understands from the queries and and the prompts that you have driven earlier in that system itself. So by default it gets invoked the memories MD and you can also create like a set of skills and orchestrate with snowflake task on top. This is one part of it. The other memory

00:09:14
 that we have is a semantic memory. This is very important because we've been talking about semantics uh all throughout our life in different context like maybe with a blueprint or a data dictionary uh and then a blueprint. Right. Exactly. But the reality is we only create it during our architecture builds or like in the blueprint uh diagrams itself but or the first cut in the production cut never we go and update it. It is very essential to give the context to each of the queries that we run. Right? So that's why snowflake

00:09:42
 has come up with the entire memory store itself which is snowflake itself and it stores all the facts enrich profiles all the information around the relationships of each of those glossery the details that are there and it it's basically the entire semantics of the search of the uh memory itself. What utilizes this is the rag that we have all been building. So with snowflake we have the managed rag itself within this can be structured unstructured together within the managed platform of snowflake

00:10:12
 like the structured part is the analyst the unstructured is the uh cortex search with them these are very fast memories now the premier part right where we have all been building uh kimble types of models over the time data warehouses uh now we just call it as a fancy name like a ready data sets and that's pabytes or terabytes of data that you have built on your warehouses in snowflake right over the years. Snowflake you can still benefit out of all of the data that it lies on. This is your uh

00:10:44
 contextualization and it is personalized to each of the companies or each of the GCCs that I talked to be the likes of the FSI like JPMC or on those lines or the likes of manufacturing like an Ericson or Seammens on those lines or maybe like an healthcare on those lines like Elevance or or like Astroenic on those lines. So those data sets is the snowflake that you see on the third block. So what snowflake does very smartly is that runs a fact distillation loop on the sides. It's a very lowc cost

00:11:13
 LM that we run and create uh a version zero of the semantic memory itself in the cortex analyst. You'll see in the cotic semantic views we create those as a version one and we ask all our users to go and update it over time make it production grade and over time what happens is it also as you go on prompting it goes and updating and and suggesting you things so that it very update up to date and you don't have to version create it every time it gets automatically built onto it. So this is

00:11:44
 the entire sticky. Now you can think of the entire theme right all of the data that is you have built on and the semantic memory that it understand the context and the procedural memory which you are putting into the system all of it becomes my context RAM which is the entire working memory of the agent itself. This gets fed into an agent suppose like a opus 5 snowflake also offers any of those systems like a llama or maybe like a mistral along those lines. Feel free to use the models as you desire. So there are all front end

00:12:15
 models that are available right from Geminis of the world to cla and so on. Right? So you have the option of selecting it. Uh so this agent curates all the respective things right. You can create single agent or with a deep research get multiple sub aents also at the same time. It can be a group of agents also that comes together. So the entire reply again is can be stored back into snowflake or into the skill file itself. it automatically gets stored into the memories.mmd file. So next time when you know or we're running anything

00:12:44
 right on top it understands from the memories.mmd that is there in the procedural memory itself. So there's a loop and it is an ever learning loop right it learns from what you do over time it gets better one new so the this entire stuff we call it harness uh that has been famous since last year one new trend that we are seeing is loops what is a loop it's it's just a combination on top because the reality is not everything lies within snowflake snowflake has built multiple agents on

00:13:12
 top or agentic framework around it but we do talk to the likes of work days of the world the salesforce of the world and and suppose I take an example of Salesforce they have the agent for they have the Einstein and such other agentic tools right we need to communicate with it so I've just given some example where like like an email or Gmail itself right we can do it with the Google workspace workspace MCP that is available within koko cla itself and you have to just authenticate on those lines in your uh

00:13:38
 Google workspace so what happens is it goes to my email via the natma mcp that we've acquired it checks my emails uh and and finds out which meeting I to schedule. I just give an example and then accordingly once it file figures out which all meetings I need to schedule for the day automatically schedules it and then the loop ends it goes into the response mode. I'm just giving an example. It can be like reading from the CRM itself like a Salesforce itself. It can go to the agent force ask it questions so it goes

00:14:09
 into a loop where it unless it gets the answer that is looking at it doesn't end. So once the end is there it goes back to the snowflake ecosystem. So I'm just giving an example of how loop based harnesses work within snowflake itself. This is the newest or the holy grail that everyone talks about loops. Loops it's nothing but a it's it's not a uh sort of rocket science. It's just fair and very simple and you can do it in snowflake. I can share some blogs around it how we have done it and those codes

00:14:35
 are available within the snowflake. You can just Google it. You'll find those uh links and how those codes are there. We can give the sample codes and get started with it. So with that we'll look into okay what are the use cases and and look into how you can develop those use cases over time right so in this use case which is an FSI one we're talking about risk fraud regulatory intelligence and building a co-pilot on top and and believe me it's just a few hours that you can spend and then create this whole

00:15:02
 thing so the whole thing is like banking uh systems they all need those realtime fraud detection like an AML on top and then reporting and they want to be knowing currently the what the system that they have or previously what the system that they had is they'll look into the Tableau or the the PowerBI of the world and finding static dashboards which get updated maybe 6 hours or a day old data but now they don't want to wait what they're doing is they want to know more how in the data why in the data so

00:15:32
 that is basically the copilot structure of it and how see like with Koko CLA how you can do it is uh in this hackathon you can create the data within within the CLA itself It uses you can use techniques like a GAN or an SMOT or an ASMot to create those synthetic data ask it to make it production grade have referential consistencies and so on. So we'll be sharing those uh things and then no productions data is needed in case you are trying to mimic like publicly referenceable data you can also use the

00:16:02
 power of Snowflake marketplace in that case uh there are a lot of free data sets available there you don't have to always go for Kaggle or if you don't want to generate the synthetic data. So once you have done that you can build those views. You can ask CLA code is this built on this this text and so on. It will build it in the back end. You can ask it to create cortex agent on top using this patterns and so on. Uh there's a good documentation that you can go cortex agent best practices. It

00:16:28
 will give you okay what are the strings and so on. You can ask CLI to refer those while creating those instructions in the back end. up next what you can go is go to the orchestrate part of it and I can ask to do it and believe you can just copy those the prompts that I've given and cla would do it it's as smart as knowing it if it has questions it will ask you questions to do it and eventually what you can do is you can scaffold like a different uh personas for creating a streamlit dashboard you

00:16:55
 can also do it using a react one that you can directly deploy into a runtime within snowflake so if you create a snow streamlit you can deploy it in streamllet in snowflake if you create with the react react one you can ask it to deploy to a spcs runtime itself just note it down you can actually do it without a docker and then it can also connect to other regulatory for life policying and so on like if you use like a banking one you can ask to go to the 10k documentations and so on and then so forth right so

00:17:26
 that completes like one part of the problem statement the other part let's look into it like where you can ask for a customer 360 it need not be just FSI right you can do it for any other part but here what we're looking at is mostly insurers or land lenders on most actions uh so it's spread across systems so you have to build those injection pipelines you can put the data in one part of snowflake like in one database and then do it in the other parts right that's the example use like AI filters on top

00:17:54
 these are AI functions that are there it can summarize those text unstructured semi-structured JSON ones into a traces part and then accordingly build customer 360 semantic you to give you like the life cycle value of of the system. Look at the whole persistency. Uh build like a next best action. Uh it can be also like a what if analysis that you can do and depending on that you can create the same app that is there. Uh maybe where in your slack or a CRM on top right that can also look into the live data maybe

00:18:24
 like Salesforce in the back end and create that customer 60 360 on top. uh you can actually what you can do is I've done a similar one where I've built a set of skills and it goes through task of its own. So each of my skills become like a processy and these processes are followed using a set of task. So anytime you ask a question it actually goes through it. It creates those parameters and gives you the answers. So it's making it from probabilistic to most deterministic rate. I'm talking about uh

00:18:53
 accuracy is more than 90% even in a uh un like a production grade system. Similarly, what you can do in in predictive maintenance is is looking into the IT data sets of it uh where you can have a unified flow on top. So uh recently I was in in a workshop uh in in Goa and and what they were doing is the factory guys were actually putting all of their data into snowflake. So we're just mimic you can just mimic on those lines create those synthetic IoT data. It will be little cryptic a long data

00:19:23
 sets it's not a typical one that the system generates and it'll be a bunch of records right I'm talking about records in five digits or maybe six digits on those lines so handle those workloads you can create a dynamic table on top which will feed it into like a CI/CD mode like a CDC technique itself which it does the technique and streams the data you can use cortex ML you can actually use it like a full ML orchestration pipeline itself where It does the uh entire EDA to the validation

00:19:54
 model training and then eventual inferencing on top right that can all be all be done within the CLI ecosystem of Koko. Uh and then you can orchestrate the triages accordingly like each of the detected can be one skill the order work order drafted is the other skill and then maintenance. So you have to ask Koko that these are my build those three skills and then you can ask to build a task on top. So which orchestrates between the three of them accordingly notify the final user. You can tap into

00:20:23
 your emails that will look into or send emails on those lines or maybe integrate with the slack. It will set send you slack notifications. So those kinds of example on top you can build like a dashboard on top using streamlit or a react uh and deploy within snowflake ecosystem and then you can connect your existing systems like a Jiraa or a service now to send those notifications right by an MCP. Uh the last part connecting to it might need an enterpriseg grade one. If you have it well and good if you don't have it you

00:20:51
 can skip it for now. It's best to have it right. Okay. Now looking into a similar use case on HCLS in case you are coming from the HCls world you know it's very different world right we're talking about payers and providers on those lines. uh this is a co-pilot that you can build like uh build it on on semantic synthetic data sets on like an ehr and fh data set and then you can ask it to fetch those records from your prescriptions of the world and unstructured data and on top right and

00:21:19
 summarize snowflake itself is smart enough to understand those cryptic uh HCP nodes that there that are there and concing them into even initially a JSON and then into snowflake tables itself you can store it there or you and keep it JSON whatever format right and you can ask it to parse it on those things. So once you parse it, you can build an entire patient 360 on top uh with with entire risk stratification metrics, care gap indicators, uh some gap analysis on what upsell and co-ell each of the

00:21:48
 ecosystems can do on those lines and create like a cited evidence agent on top that answers back to the actual guy on the round or like on the rounds itself right you can orchestrate with the skills like I mentioned create separate skills for one one of the processes like clinical questions the evidence retrieval and the risk score and accordingly on these processes and create a streamllet tab on top you can similarly do the reactor now you can see the whole sense right you can the first part is building the synthetic data

00:22:18
 parse it in search format I've covered uh structured I've covered unstructured I've covered semiructured all of these parts create those views on top semantic views create the agent as a second step orchestration is very much needed which cocoa will be doing it for you if you just ask it to be an orchestrator for the same and then you can scaffold like an app onto this is the same theme right depending on it uh like we look into the supply chain ontologies and then govern analytics again uh the basically the

00:22:47
 processes changes the name changes uh but the overall flow stays the same where you uh generate the synthetic data from a supply chain like it can be suppliers data it can be parts data it can be plant data it can be all the systems data sets right set so once you do that you have to build the semantic data on top at some verified query ies it's very much needed even in the other ecosystem or problem statements that we've discussed the problem uh the verified queries is a very very crucial

00:23:13
 part of semantic views that adds more confidence and better results accuracies within the system so once you have done it you can build the agent on top and orchestrate with a multi agent orchestration in case you're uh not sure how to do it ask koko cla it will tell you how to do it and then build an analyst app on top and integrate with with your ecosystem right you can use Coco co-work alongside it which will be another good example of adding more snowflake features and then more Bronny points for the ecosystem right.

00:23:45
 So yeah, that concludes overall what are the use cases that we're looking at. How do you build it? And believe me, it's it's a matter of hours that you can build it. Make spend some more time and days to make it production grade. And the timeline although it seems a long time, I've done it within the day. I've done it with with plants on the ground like when I was talking about the example, right? We did it on the day itself where I set with the plant guys and we did it and they're like, "Oh,

00:24:13
 this is nice. This is how we have been using CH Gemini and all in our phones." But in an enterprisegrade system, we can leverage the power and and see it happening. And the beauty of it, it's not magic. AI is not magic, right? You can see it being built. And these are the ways you can build it. With that, I want to hand it over to Shaki back. Shaki on the closing notes, right? Thank you so much Deep Ji. Uh I I truly truly believe that all of those understanding and those those examples

00:24:48
 right there has I am not very sure about how people have adopted it but me as a non- techie and somebody who has not been into tech much of a quote I truly believe that this will give you a add-on leverage to build some great solutions out there and I I see a lot of questions also floating in around subscriptions around solution building maybe we can take those up real quick and before we move forward and you know pick up a couple of questions I'll give you a breather to all all and everybody who

00:25:17
 are watching us take this breather space draft out your questions put it on the chat box we'll take up these questions with deep jodi and help you understand better and resolve your queries meanwhile let me take you through the actual website how does that look like if you're somebody who has been watching us for the very first time and this is your firstand experience to know more about Koko CLI uh GCC edition itself so I'll just take you through real quick I'll not take much of a time and for

00:25:44
 people who are already registered this is an add-on uh you know advantage for you to learn on where and how the platform operates where you can actually make a submission how can you pick up things from where you can find things out right so let me have that uh screen okay it's there so I'll just request my team to just put up the link to this website into the chat box so this is is the official website for uh you know the your story and snowflake presents cocoa cli hack edition itself. So if you visit

00:26:20
 this and if you're you've already register for it this is the official website where you can actually find every other thing onto the page itself. So yeah so if you look at uh the entire website here's where you can find why should you join who should you participate the problem statements. If you want to learn more just click on view more and learn more about them. a couple of workshops that are listed. The timeline specifically, there's an entire timeline out there. The evaluation rubrics for the solution that

00:26:49
 you're going to present. What are we actually going to look forward to is real world relevance, you know, technical execution, solution completeness. These are couple of evaluation rubrics and then there comes a grand price pool of $10,000. So if you're somebody who's really really looking forward to build great solutions, there is a top up addition to this which is this grand pool prize out there. So make sure you build better and you take away this grand pool prize. It's all about you building great

00:27:18
 solutions and taking away this prize pool. And there are going to be three winners that are going to be declared along with consolation prizes. So keep an eye there as well. You can always reach out to us uh through these two channels if you want to. And if if you look at if you're looking at this website for the very first time, you must be looking at a register now button here. But if as someone who has already been registered to this initiative, you'll see it as dashboard. So register

00:27:44
 through the registration form. Uh complete the registration form and you'll be landed onto a participant dashboard which looks something like this. Let it come onto the screen. Okay, it's right there. So you'll have a road map right here which will give you broader understanding about what is expected to do within what timelines and then comes the team management which we just talked about in the initials of this session itself that you can fly solo or maybe build a team out there right so you can create a team you can

00:28:11
 just simply click that I understand and then you start putting up the details put up a cool logo for your team and then you create that team out there once that is done you can also look forward for explore public teams if somebody's also willing to accept other members. You can also explore that. Invite your team members, former team, start building the solution. The next step to that is actually selecting out one of the problem statements. So think wisely and build you know absolutely great

00:28:40
 solutions out there. Choose one of the problem statements out there and build on top of that. The submission is where it is expected right here. So you need to submit the GitHub and the deployed link and the prototype which is expected as a let me just flash that to you. So the in the prototype itself we have a template. So you can download this template from here. This is where exactly we have asked for specifications what we need from you. So you can use this and fill in all of these details. What

00:29:10
 are the challenges? What is your prototype MVP brief? a quick public accessible demo view link and upload the your presentation right here. Click on submit. That's half part of it. So once you're done with the half part, you also need to submit the GitHub and the deployed link. Select the similar challenge. Put the GitHub public repository link. I'll reiterate myself. It should be a public repository, not a private one. So that we access we're able to access your code and review it

00:29:39
 and evaluate it. So and take you forward from there onwards. and a deployed prototyping make sure it is in a working condition. So these are a couple of things that you need to you know submit in order to get a solution deployed a solution sent across for us to evaluate and take things forward from there. In the interaction section you'll find all of these workshops listed down. So if you want to go and rewatch here's where you can actually go. Challenges there's again a listing of challenges here. You

00:30:08
 can look at that just explore out the platform. So yeah, so taking things forward from there, speaking of what we are actually looking forward to is great solutions from you and we'll take up any questions that we have now. All right. So let's take up the questions from here. I'll try to flash up couple of questions for you Deep Chi. >> Yeah, absolutely. >> So let's let's address the uh you know question which is about the subscriptions. So if you can just highlight that. So

00:30:44
 people are a little keen about how do they get subscription about this Koko CLI do they get or not? >> Yeah. So as you have already cleared out right once they go through the link and the processes they get basically provision the new account itself within snowflake uh that comes with the trial accounts with Koko activated they just have to download the Koko CLI and they can get started connecting the processes like they have to connect to the snowflake account that is given. It's very easy but just it just asks you to

00:31:12
 give the account details it's connected and then therefore you can just get started. I guess we've already covered it in your section like how do they provision the account within snowflake thank you for addressing that uh real quick let me have [snorts] another question for you thanks for addressing that and I also add on top of that is yes we will provide you those uh subscriptions and you can actually build using those uh so let's have another question Um yes I can address one of the questions

00:31:52
 is is this hackathon open only for India based GCC's? Yes this hackathon is only based only for developers and uh you know professionals who are based out of India and are part of the GCC's. >> Okay I see a good question uh that I address. Yeah. So yeah what you can do is uh yeah so condami is asking how to deploy react based UI and you're mentioning about SCTC uh I'm talking about spcs so it's snow container services within snowflake so you can do the entire development of snowflake cli of of a

00:32:32
 react based UI within snowflake you can ask koko cli to build it once it has built it ask it to deploy to this no you have to ask it to deploy to those snowark container services uh via the runtime. So it basically creates and scaffolds those UI react based UI it can be angular or maybe like a nextjs or all the ecosystems it will basically uh containerize it and directly deploy into the uh runtime. The other way you can do it is create the docker file and then ask it to push it there. Uh but that for

00:33:05
 that you need the docker desktop installed in your local system. So but then with the new technique in you can directly deploy the react application into the UI itself. Just ask Koko CLI and it will do it for you. Awesome. Thanks Ji to address that. I have another interesting question that comes along with the account. Does the subscription comes with LM access as well. >> Excellent. So Koko CLI is based on the LMS itself. You get a plethora of ones that you can select and get started itself. So within the Coco CLA if you

00:33:38
 put it as auto you'll find a mode in auto that basically it selects the best one that is available currently in your region but if you select like a specific one like an Opus 5 obviously you're spending more dollars you can do like a haiku or maybe like a mini GPT those are the cheaper ones that you can run and the subscription like once you subscribe you get to know all the details uh in the runtime itself that's a sandbox environment Okay, another interesting question is around the data sets. So which is uh

00:34:14
 does the snowflake account provide access to marketplace data sets as well? >> Yeah, all our uh uh snowflake accounts by default have a access to the marketplace. You can go to the marketplace part where you can just subscribe if it's a uh free one subscribe and then you have to put the details automatically that gets ported into the snowflake database in the back end for you like as a data share you can do the other way around you can also have create the system and monetize on the marketplace

00:34:44
 like an example right uh one example that I see there's a pant part like we're having some banter in the back end so yeah it's it's a plan based out of vera in the interest of Like I said the disclaimer slide right I cannot name the customer as we talk. >> So it was a plant in Verna and in Goa. >> I have a quick question attached onto my on the screen for you. Can we use frameworks like LN graph with Koko CLI? >> Yeah you can use we have a big partner ecosystem for just addressing that. Uh

00:35:19
 but with the like my screen as you saw earlier right? uh you don't need to use langraph we can do it entirely natively in snowflake that in turn will give you more brownie points because you're not only using entire things native in the snowflake it does the same work as a lang graph the architecture that I showed that can also be implemented using a lang graph or a pentantic or or like any other ecosystem similar to us uh that does it but snowflake itself provides all the bells and whistles to

00:35:50
 create it you don't have to go around but as as a fair you know yes or no question can also build langraphs on top >> thanks for addressing that interesting question again coming from condos is around uh koko cli comes with GTA ST API to support boys cases >> yeah absolutely you don't need your whispers and then the reverse whispers to do it uh you can ask CLI it can use the AI function of snowflake automatically that will develop it. You don't have to create like a container

00:36:26
 and deploy those libraries on top. You don't need them. Snowflake eradicates all of it. You can use like an AI filter on top and that does the job for you. It's just a function in Snowflake. You don't need even need the API to be picked. So it's a cost effective measure to do it. At the same time it's faster because it's a function for us and Snowflake. >> Thanks for addressing that. Uh in another question that is more in terms of uses of Koko CLI let me just have that on screen. Can we

00:37:00
 use Koko chart from the visual studio instead of Koko CLI for the Aathon? >> Maybe I can throw some light out there if that is an eligible way of doing it. >> It can be built but I would rather have like a chocolate rather than cocoa bean right is the same thing. uh because Koko CLA gives you more functions as if how to build it. It is an ID based it's a CLI based application itself right and obviously PCO chat it's the from VS code is like a a bolt onto it and obviously it might have uh limitations around it

00:37:36
 CLA is getting the full power and my thing is if you have access to the full power why uh not use it okay so U question around the accounts that will be provided is uh does the account has any token or any kinds of limit? Absolutely that that has to be there in this day and age you might burn the world around it right that so it comes with the limit >> the limit is your dollar value right so directly the do the calculation you can go to the snowflake consumption guide and we charge the similar to the ones

00:38:17
 that are uh are those providers itself provide right like a cloud or those things you don't need like a per seat license but each tokens right it's it's a few dollars per million tokens so just be careful careful about that. Don't burn with a copus 5 as an example that I gave. Always use also like the hypus of the world or a mini GPD or or something on those lines a smaller model for for er task that you do. But for building you can use like a higher model or a complex model. Thanks for addressing that. Let's have

00:38:52
 like a question around is will we get external integration access options in the provided snowflake account is >> yes something you do >> and you can just ask Okoscala it will create those and deploy that for you. >> All right. So if you have still have any questions we have about I just register called $400 to explore asking for CC details. Okay. Uh so somebody has just registered themselves onto the portal Koko CLI and of course you'll be you know requested for a credit card there but uh you know

00:39:40
 the other way of doing it was we sharing you a dedicated link uh through which you can actually go out and check out the $400 credits. So we'll be sharing that very soon from here onwards now that you guys have already registered for the hackathon itself you start building on top of that. So we'll be sharing that very soon and you'll have it from us. >> Correct. And just adding >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Go ahead. >> To what Shi mentioned, right? Use the link that Shaki gives it to you because

00:40:08
 if you use the generic snowflake trial registration, you'll not get access to copi. No AI features or even the container services ready. Those won't be there and that will be uh provided by Chaki and team in the back end. Chi if you can reiterate on on those steps right that we'll be providing the link because I see the questions are coming. >> So uh we'll if you've registered yourself to the platform uh so you'll be having those links from us. So the link is basically where you go to that link

00:40:45
 and you create that account and you get free credits from our side instead of using the credit card. So if you want to use the credit card go ahead. We will not stop you doing that. But if you want to claim the free credits that we're going to circulate it to you very soon from here. So that's where you can actually take it forward from there. The trial account will be for around 30 days itself. I see someone has a personal question personalized question where they have utilized in one of the Northstar event

00:41:18
 the link that Chaki provides. Create a new account. You get 400 again for this. Yeah. So, I can see a lot of questions around it. So, will you'll have a more dedicated email communications coming to your inbox about the claiming process? What can you expect? What is the link to claim? What are the deadlines? When do you start claiming that? And what is the claiming window versus what is the window up until the credits will work for you? if you do not exist uh exhaust them. Uh so yeah, so you'll have that

00:41:57
 those uh communications coming from our side straightforward about the Koko CLI subscription itself. So be a little relaxed about that part. So you'll have all the information that is needed for you to start building any solutions. But major focus is to build great solutions out there. So ideate around the problem statements. If you still have any questions, you have our support emails right there. We will also nudge that into the chat box right here. So start providing those to us. If you have any

00:42:23
 questions, write back to us. We'll be more than happy to address those to you. But it was wonderful speaking with you Dji. If you want to add something on on a you know hackathon perspective and give a quick quick you know winning tip to everyone. Uh would that be really great and we'll then proceed with the closure. >> Yeah I can make maybe take a couple of more questions which are very specific. Uh on ML side being a data scientist I cannot just resist the temptation. Right. So you can use all CI/CD drip

00:42:52
 detection all are there in snowflake native ML features. Uh just that many of them just don't know that they exist within the snowflake ecosystem uh around it. Uh will there be limitation with the trial accounts? Yeah the limitation is the price uh that $400 don't exhaust it. Uh it's very tough to impos next like not very possible to get it like build up rate. The other thing will you get an account for the last after that after that the idea is that you'll pull in those ecosystem out into your GCS

00:43:25
 ecosystem that's the whole goal right building production grade systems not just the hackathon that runs into the picture so with that uh we'll be connecting more in an AMA session in the upcoming uh 25th of August I believe and we can have more questions curated ones on those and uh the lines there uh there's a question on PPDs after the meet the video itself is available uh in within the ecosystem. So feel free to utilize it all the content. I'll give you a hint. You can just copy the

00:43:54
 prompts and it will build a application for you. The same prompts that I gave right. uh what you can do to win is use as much as PCO CLI, use as much as Snowflake native features that adds brownie points and believe me the entire use cases can be built like a full-blown production use cases can be built within the snowflake native use uh features itself unless you're connecting directly to the O devices that's the only thing that I see at at times with plants or maybe the medical devices using SCS1 on

00:44:27
 top right uh but rest of the things and unless you're connecting the outside world for data rest of the things can all be built within the snowflake uh AI cloud itself with that yeah chak where we're I guess at the end of the section and over to you for the closure thank you so much deep chi uh to add up to that and to pick up a couple of more questions and thank you so much everyone who's watching us for the very first time and if you're already registered to it wonderful to see you onto the

00:45:00
 journey. We look forward to your solutions and people watching us for the very first time. Do check out the website and register yourself, your team, your fellow colleagues, your friends working at a GCC organization based out of India only. So you're eligible to participate, register yourself, build great solutions that we are, you know, literally wowed about and we can get you those that grand pool price of $10,000 out there. But with that, thank you so much for watching us. Do check it out on the website. Thank

00:45:30
 you so much Deep Chi for joining us today. It was wonderful speaking with you and lovely lovely having you with us here. We look forward to meeting you often and then we'll take forward any questions that you may have. Please feel free to reach out to us on the support email and yeah, thank you so much. Have a wonderful wonderful evening. Cheers guys. >> We we use uh we use Koko CLI to respond to your questions too. Peace out on this. Thank you so much. Thank you everyone.

